Documentation for CL Node v1.11.0 release (#1081)
smartcontractkit/documentation: src/pages/chainlink-nodes/node-versions.md

## Changes in v1.11.0 nodes

**[v1.11.0 release notes](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/releases/tag/v1.11.0)**

### Added

- Added a new mode for the [`NODE_SELECTION_MODE` environment variable](/chainlink-nodes/configuration-variables#node_selection_mode). Use `TotalDifficulty` to select the node with the greatest total difficulty.
- Added the [`NODE_SYNC_THRESHOLD` environment variable](/chainlink-nodes/configuration-variables#node_sync_threshold) to ensure that live nodes do not lag too far behind.
- Added the [`BRIDGE_CACHE_TTL` environment variable](/chainlink-nodes/configuration-variables#bridge_cache_ttl) which caches bridge responses for a specified amount of time.
- Add the prometheus metrics labelled by bridge name for monitoring external adapter queries. The following metrics are included:
  - `bridge_latency_seconds`
  - `bridge_errors_total`
  - `bridge_cache_hits_total`
  - `bridge_cache_errors_total`

> - Added static configuration using TOML files as an alternative to the existing combination of environment variables and persisted database configurations. This is currently _optional_. In the future with `v2.0.0`, TOML configuration will become the only supported configuration method. See the [CONFIG.md](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/v1.11.0-rc1/docs/CONFIG.md) and [SECRETS.md](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/v1.11.0-rc1/docs/SECRETS.md) on GitHub to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ⚠️ WARNING ⚠️ This is experimental. Added static configuration using TOML files as an alternative to the existing combination of environment variables and persisted database configurations. In the future with `v2.0.0`, TOML configuration will become the only supported configuration method. See the [CONFIG.md](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/v1.11.0-rc1/docs/CONFIG.md) and [SECRETS.md](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/v1.11.0-rc1/docs/SECRETS.md) on GitHub to learn more.
```
